Remove usage of callouts in configuration code blocks (#403)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_configuring-the-stf-connection-for-the-overcloud.adoc

. In the `stf-connectors.yaml` file, configure the `MetricsQdrConnectors` address to connect the {MessageBus} on the overcloud to the {ProjectShort} deployment. You configure the topic addresses for Sensubility, Ceilometer, and collectd in this file to match the defaults in {ProjectShort}. For more information about customizing topics and cloud configuration, see xref:configuring-multiple-clouds_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].

> * The `resource_registry` configuration directly loads the collectd service because you are not including the `collectd-write-qdr.yaml` environment file for multiple cloud deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `resource_registry` configuration directly loads the collectd service because you do not include the `collectd-write-qdr.yaml` environment file for multiple cloud deployments.
```

ifdef::include_when_13,include_when_17[]
* Replace the `caCertFileContent` parameter with the contents retrieved in xref:getting-ca-certificate-from-stf-for-overcloud-configuration_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].
endif::include_when_13,include_when_17[]
* Replace the `host` sub-parameter of `MetricsQdrConnectors` with the value of `HOST/PORT` that you retrieved in xref:retrieving-the-qdr-route-address_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].
* Set `CeilometerQdrEventsConfig.topic` to define the topic for Ceilometer events. The format of this value is `anycast/ceilometer/cloud1-event.sample`.
* Set `CeilometerQdrMetricsConfig.topic` to define the topic for Ceilometer metrics. The format of this value is `anycast/ceilometer/cloud1-metering.sample`.
* Set `CollectdAmqpInstances` to define the topic for collectd events. The format of this value is `collectd/cloud1-notify`.
* Set `CollectdAmqpInstances` to define the topic for collectd metrics. The format of this value is `collectd/cloud1-telemetry`.
ifndef::include_when_13[]

> * Set `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` to define the topic for collectd-sensubility events. The value is the exact string `sensubility/cloud1-telemetry`.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this bullet point because we are not advising you change the value. Correct?

Reviewer 2: Why is this one different than the others? It doesn't seem right. "The format of this value is..." vs. "The value is the exact string..."  It's only that "exact string" if you are configuring cloud1, not if you are doing cloud2 or any other name.

Author: This is an old statement, and I think it needs to be updated. It's definitely a dynamic value which needs to be updated to match the topic for this particular cloud.
